README.md, before:

# IBM Color Picker

> A Google Chrome extension eye dropper tool for IBM Design colors.

If you're someone who works with IBM colors often, you might have a hex to IBM color and tone cheatsheet with you at all times. That way when you're working with a design where all you get is hex values, you can determine which Sass mixin you need to get that same color.

Worry not! This tool will help get IBM specific color information from any website, image, or app in Google Chrome.

## Development Setup

To set up your Google Chrome browser to test this extension you need to:

1. Clone this repository.

2. Install NPM packages

2. Start development build process by entering `npm start` in your terminal.

3. Turn on Developer mode by going to *Window > Extensions* to open your Extensions Panel. Then check *Developer mode* on the upper right.

4. In the Extensions Panel, click *Load unpacked extension...*, then navigate to and select the `ibmColorPicker` folder that you just cloned.

5. The IBM Color Picker extension will appear in your panel as well as an extension button on the right of your address bar.

6. You can now start making changes to the code and just refresh any (non-Google) page to see latest changes.

Commit message:

:milky_way: Rename file to Spongy

README.md, after:

# Spongy

> A Google Chrome extension eye dropper tool for any set of brand colors.

If you're someone who works with brand colors often, you might have a hex to brand color and grade cheatsheet with you at all times. That way when you're working with a design where all you get is hex values, you can determine which Sass mixin you need to get that same color.

Worry not! This tool will help get your brand specific color information from any website, image, or app in Google Chrome.

## Development Setup

To set up your Google Chrome browser to test this extension you need to:

1. Clone this repository.

2. Install NPM packages

2. Start development build process by entering `npm start` in your terminal.

3. Turn on Developer mode by going to *Window > Extensions* to open your Extensions Panel. Then check *Developer mode* on the upper right.

4. In the Extensions Panel, click *Load unpacked extension...*, then navigate to and select the `spongy` folder that you just cloned.

5. The Spongy extension will appear in your panel as well as an extension button on the right of your address bar.

6. You can now start making changes to the code and just refresh any (non-Google) page to see latest changes.
